Let's build a Python dashboard to impress your crush with your football knowledge.
With this dashboard, you can surface quick facts, football terms, game situations,
all as your cheat sheet to winning over your crush's heart.
To build this is actually so simple.
Step one is to create a nav panel for each of the types of information.
For my dashboard, I wanted to surface some quick facts, football terms, and game situations,
but you can swap these out with literally anything that you want.
Step number two is create a card with a new fact button.
This is the button that will select a random fact from the right category and display it on the card.
And step three, use chatGBT or the internet or whatever to generate a list of fun facts
that fit the topics you want to know about and upload it to your web app.
Once you're done building, you can deploy your app to Connect Cloud
or use ShinyLive to view it on your phone during the next football game.
Now you're ready to impress your crush all season long.
Make sure to follow along for more data science content.
Bye!